[fix] Remove dangling $REVIEWER_OUTPUT reference from Step 7 prose (#411)
lugassawan/swe-workbench: skills/workflow-pr-review/SKILL.md

### Step 7 — Submit + cleanup

> Build the lean review body `$SUMMARY` — decision line + byline only. Findings are already posted as inline comments in Step 6; do NOT restate them here:

Author: **Medium** — The new directive says "decision line + byline only" but the bash block immediately below also conditionally appends `$INFORMATIONAL_SECTION` when `$DEFERRED_INFORMATIONAL` is non-empty. An LLM following the prose literally could suppress the informational notes for out-of-diff findings.

Suggested fix — update the directive to match the actual bash logic:

```suggestion
Build the lean review body `$SUMMARY` — decision line + byline (+ optional informational notes for out-of-diff findings). Findings already posted as inline comments in Step 6 must NOT be restated here:
```

Author: Addressed in 69d045b9dea503b8bda11964e845ac1ae952cc31: Acknowledged INFORMATIONAL_SECTION in Step 7 prose — updated directive to 'decision line + byline (+ optional informational notes for out-of-diff findings)'.
